c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\spa.proxy.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.exe
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.deps.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.runtimeconfig.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.pdb
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.SpaProxy.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\bin\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\spa.proxy.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.props
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.props
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.props
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.styles.css
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScada.337EA349.Up2Date
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\refint\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.dll
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.pdb
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\MT_Scada_Project\0_webscadaMT\web-scada-mt\SmartBoard\Host\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server\obj\Any CPU\Debug_Uncache\net8.0\ref\WebScadaMT.SmartBoard.Host.Server.dll
